README.md, before:

# Azure Developer CLI Template

An opinionated, **Copilot-powered starter template** for building Azure cloud applications. This repo provides the scaffolding — Bicep infrastructure modules, lifecycle hooks, coding standards, GitHub Copilot skills, and reusable prompts — so you can go from zero to a deployed app on Azure Container Apps using AI-assisted development.

> **This is a template, not a finished application.** You clone/fork it, then use the embedded Copilot prompts and skills to generate your application code, wire up infrastructure, and deploy.

## Prerequisites

- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with [GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot) (Chat enabled)
- [Azure Developer CLI (azd)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/install-azd)
- [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) (for container builds)
- Language runtimes as needed: Python 3.12+ with [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/), Node.js 20+, .NET 9

## How to Develop With This Template

Everything in this template is designed to be used **through GitHub Copilot Chat in VS Code**. The repo embeds skills, prompts, path-specific instructions, and agent personas that give Copilot deep context about Azure best practices, so it generates correct, production-ready code from the start.

### 1. Create Your Repo

Click the **"Use this template"** button on GitHub to create a new repository from this template. Clone it locally and open it in VS Code — Copilot automatically picks up all `.github/` customization files.

### 2. Research (Optional but Recommended)

Before writing code, use the `azure-docs-research` agent (`.github/agents/`) to gather up-to-date documentation on the Azure services you plan to use:

| Prompt | What It Does |
|--------|-------------|
| `/research-plan` | Generates a structured research plan — scope, topics, libraries, search terms |
| `/research-collect` | Executes the plan — collects code snippets, configs, and docs into `.github/scratchpad/` |

Attach the output files to subsequent Copilot chat sessions so every prompt has authoritative context.

### 3. Scaffold Your Application

Tell Copilot what you want to build. Invoke the matching prompt in Copilot Chat and attach your research artifacts (`planFile`, `collectionFile`) if you have them:

| Prompt | What You Get |
|--------|-------------|
| `/newPythonApp` | FastAPI REST API with uv, structured logging, Dockerfile |
| `/newNodeApp` | Node.js / TypeScript API with npm, ESLint, Dockerfile |
| `/newDotNetApp` | ASP.NET Core Web API with .NET 9, xUnit, Dockerfile |
| `/newAgentApp` | AI agent using Microsoft Agent Framework |
| `/newGradioApp` | Gradio interactive AI demo |
| `/newStreamlitApp` | Streamlit data-science UI |
| `/newReactApp` | React + Vite frontend |

Each prompt generates code in `src/<your-service>/`, including a Dockerfile, dependencies, and health endpoints — all following the conventions in this template.

### 4. Wire Up Infrastructure

Once your app code exists, configure the Azure resources it needs:

| Prompt | What It Does |
|--------|-------------|
| `/setupInfra` | Generates Bicep modules in `infra/` for your required Azure services |
| `/addAzdService` | Registers your service in `azure.yaml` and adds Container App Bicep |
| `/checkAzdCompliance` | **Run this before every `azd up`** — validates your entire azd config and catches issues that break deployment |

### 5. Deploy

Only after steps 3–4 are complete and `/checkAzdCompliance` passes:

```bash
azd auth login            # Authenticate with Azure
azd env new <env-name>    # Create an environment
azd up                    # Provision infrastructure + deploy
```

Optionally validate first:
```bash
az bicep build --file infra/main.bicep --stdout | Out-Null   # Bicep syntax check
azd provision --preview                                       # What-if preview
```

### Utility Prompts

| Prompt | Purpose |
|--------|---------|
| `/newReadme` | Generate a project README from your codebase |
| `/ipMetadata` | Add IP tracking metadata to `azure.yaml` |
| `/ipCompliance` | Validate IP compliance across the project |

### What Happens Automatically

As you code, Copilot applies the right context without you doing anything:
- **Edit a `.py` file** → Python coding standards load automatically
- **Edit a `.bicep` file** → Bicep rules + module patterns load automatically
- **Edit a `Dockerfile`** → Container best practices load automatically
- **Mention an SDK** (e.g., "Azure Identity", "FastAPI") → the matching skill loads on demand
- **Every chat** → repo-wide security policy and conventions are always present

---

## Repository Structure

```
template/
├── .github/
│   ├── copilot-instructions.md       # Repo-wide conventions (always loaded)
│   ├── azure-bestpractices.md        # Zero-trust security policy
│   ├── bicep-deployment-bestpractices.md  # Bicep authoring guide
│   ├── skills/                       # 13 Copilot skills (SDK/framework reference)
│   ├── instructions/                 # 5 path-specific coding standards
│   ├── prompts/                      # 15 reusable task workflows
│   ├── agents/                       # Custom agent personas
│   └── templates/                    # Research workflow templates
├── infra/
│   ├── main.bicep                    # Entry point — modules only, no inline resources
│   ├── main.parameters.json          # Parameters with IMAGE_NAME/RESOURCE_EXISTS patterns
│   ├── abbreviations.json            # Resource naming conventions
│   ├── core/                         # Reusable Bicep modules
│   │   ├── ai/                       #   Azure OpenAI, AI Search
│   │   ├── database/                 #   Cosmos DB
│   │   ├── host/                     #   Container Apps, Container Apps Environment
│   │   ├── monitor/                  #   Application Insights, Log Analytics
│   │   ├── security/                 #   Key Vault, Managed Identity
│   │   ├── storage/                  #   Container Registry, Storage Account
│   │   └── deployment/               #   ACR image import
│   ├── data/                         # Data seed files
│   └── scripts/                      # Python lifecycle hooks (pre/post provision/deploy)
├── src/                              # Application source code (your services go here)
├── azure.yaml                        # azd project definition
└── AGENTS.md                         # Agent roles and Copilot hierarchy
```

---

## GitHub Copilot Customization

Copilot loads context in this priority order:

| Priority | File(s) | Loaded When |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| 1 | `.github/copilot-instructions.md` | Always (every chat) |
| 2 | `.github/instructions/*.instructions.md` | Editing files matching `applyTo` pattern |
| 3 | `.github/skills/*/SKILL.md` | On demand (keyword triggers) |
| 4 | `.github/prompts/*.prompt.md` | User-invoked (`/promptName`) |
| 5 | `.github/agents/*.agent.md` | User-selected agent persona |
| 6 | `AGENTS.md` | Agent-level instructions |

### Path-Specific Instructions (auto-loaded)

| File | Applies To |
|------|-----------|
| `python.instructions.md` | `**/*.py` |
| `typescript.instructions.md` | `**/*.ts, *.tsx, *.js, *.jsx` |
| `bicep.instructions.md` | `infra/**/*.bicep` |
| `dockerfile.instructions.md` | `**/Dockerfile` |
| `dotnet.instructions.md` | `**/*.cs, *.csproj` |

### Skills (on-demand SDK reference)

| Skill | Domain |
|-------|--------|
| `azd-deployment` | Azure Developer CLI + Container Apps deployment |
| `bicep-azd-patterns` | Bicep templates, parameters, outputs for azd |
| `containerization` | Docker multi-stage builds for Azure Container Apps |
| `azure-identity-py` | Azure Identity SDK (DefaultAzureCredential, managed identity) |
| `azure-storage-blob-py` | Azure Blob Storage SDK |
| `fastapi-router-py` | FastAPI router patterns with CRUD + auth |
| `azure-ai-projects-ts` | Azure AI Projects SDK for TypeScript |
| `agent-framework-azure-ai-py` | Microsoft Agent Framework (Azure AI hosted agents) |
| `agents-v2-py` / `hosted-agents-v2-py` | Container-based Foundry Agents |
| `m365-agents-py` | Microsoft 365 Agents SDK |
| `copilot-sdk` | GitHub Copilot SDK (Node, Python, Go, .NET) |
| `mcp-builder` | MCP server development (Python, TypeScript, C#) |

---

## Features & Best Practices

### Security
- **Zero API keys policy** — all Azure auth uses `ChainedTokenCredential(AzureDeveloperCliCredential(), ManagedIdentityCredential())`
- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` always set in Container Apps environment
- Key Vault for secrets; Managed Identities for service-to-service auth
- Least-privilege RBAC assignments (no blanket `Contributor`/`Owner`)
- Full policy documented in `.github/azure-bestpractices.md`

### Infrastructure (Bicep + azd)
- Modular Bicep — `infra/core/` modules, never inline resources in `main.bicep`
- `abbreviations.json` for consistent resource naming
- Required tags: `azd-env-name` on resource group, `azd-service-name` on service resources
- Container image preservation via `IMAGE_NAME`/`RESOURCE_EXISTS` parameters
- Output convention: `SERVICE_<NAME>_ENDPOINT`, `SERVICE_<NAME>_NAME`
- Lifecycle hooks in Python (uv) for pre/post provision and deploy
- Full patterns in `.github/bicep-deployment-bestpractices.md`

### Containerization
- Azure Linux base images (`mcr.microsoft.com/azurelinux/base/*`)
- Multi-stage builds, non-root user, port 80, health checks
- Remote build via ACR (`docker.remoteBuild: true` in `azure.yaml`)
- Language-specific Dockerfile templates (Python, Node.js, .NET)

### Application Development
- **Python**: uv package manager, type hints, `logging` (never `print()`), Ruff/Black, pytest
- **TypeScript**: npm, strict types, ESLint/Prettier, Jest/Vitest
- **.NET**: .NET 9, xUnit, IOptions pattern, ILogger
- All languages: structured error handling, OpenTelemetry tracing, health endpoints

### AI / Agent Frameworks
- Microsoft Agent Framework with Azure AI Foundry hosted agents
- Container-based Foundry Agents (v2) with custom images
- Microsoft 365 Agents SDK for Teams/Copilot Studio
- Azure AI Projects SDK (TypeScript) for connections, deployments, evaluations
- GitHub Copilot SDK for programmatic integrations
- MCP server patterns for tool integration

### Git & Workflow
- Feature branches: `feature/add-{app-name}`
- Dependency pinning: `>=` and `<` operators to prevent major version breaks
- Research-first approach: gather docs before coding
- `/checkAzdCompliance` before every `azd up`

Commit message:

Refactor research plan prompt for Azure services, streamline agent handoffs, and update agent descriptions for clarity. Remove unused tools from setupInfra prompt and enhance documentation for agents and workflows.

README.md, after:

# Azure Developer CLI Template

An opinionated, **Copilot-powered starter template** for building Azure cloud applications. This repo provides the scaffolding — Bicep infrastructure modules, lifecycle hooks, coding standards, GitHub Copilot skills, and reusable prompts — so you can go from zero to a deployed app on Azure Container Apps using AI-assisted development.

> **This is a template, not a finished application.** You clone/fork it, then use the embedded Copilot prompts and skills to generate your application code, wire up infrastructure, and deploy.

## Prerequisites

- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with [GitHub Copilot](https://github.com/features/copilot) (Chat enabled)
- [Azure Developer CLI (azd)](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/azure-developer-cli/install-azd)
- [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) (for container builds)
- Language runtimes as needed: Python 3.12+ with [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/), Node.js 20+, .NET 9

## How to Develop With This Template

Everything in this template is designed to be used **through GitHub Copilot Chat in VS Code**. The repo embeds skills, prompts, path-specific instructions, and agent personas that give Copilot deep context about Azure best practices, so it generates correct, production-ready code from the start.

### 1. Create Your Repo

Click the **"Use this template"** button on GitHub to create a new repository from this template. Clone it locally and open it in VS Code — Copilot automatically picks up all `.github/` customization files.

### 2. Research (Optional but Recommended)

Ask **`GBB`** to research Azure documentation for your project. It hands off to the internal research agent, which handles both planning and collection in a single session using:
- **Context7** — resolves library IDs and retrieves SDK-level documentation and code examples
- **MS Learn** — searches service docs and fetches official code samples
- **Azure MCP** — Azure service-specific documentation
- **Web search** — fallback for gaps

You can also invoke the lightweight prompts `/research-plan` and `/research-collect` which delegate to the agent.

Output lands in `.github/scratchpad/` as structured plan and collection files. Attach those files to subsequent Copilot chat sessions so every prompt has authoritative context.

### 3. Scaffold Your Application

Tell Copilot what you want to build. Invoke the matching prompt in Copilot Chat and attach your research artifacts (`planFile`, `collectionFile`) if you have them:

| Prompt | What You Get |
|--------|-------------|
| `/newPythonApp` | FastAPI REST API with uv, structured logging, Dockerfile |
| `/newNodeApp` | Node.js / TypeScript API with npm, ESLint, Dockerfile |
| `/newDotNetApp` | ASP.NET Core Web API with .NET 9, xUnit, Dockerfile |
| `/newAgentApp` | AI agent using Microsoft Agent Framework |
| `/newGradioApp` | Gradio interactive AI demo |
| `/newStreamlitApp` | Streamlit data-science UI |
| `/newReactApp` | React + Vite frontend |

Each prompt generates code in `src/<your-service>/`, including a Dockerfile, dependencies, and health endpoints — all following the conventions in this template.

### 4. Wire Up Infrastructure

Once your app code exists, configure the Azure resources it needs:

| Prompt | What It Does |
|--------|-------------|
| `/setupInfra` | Generates Bicep modules in `infra/` for your required Azure services |
| `/addAzdService` | Registers your service in `azure.yaml` and adds Container App Bicep |
| `/checkAzdCompliance` | **Run this before every `azd up`** — validates your entire azd config and catches issues that break deployment |

### 5. Deploy

Only after steps 3–4 are complete and `/checkAzdCompliance` passes:

```bash
azd auth login            # Authenticate with Azure
azd env new <env-name>    # Create an environment
azd up                    # Provision infrastructure + deploy
```

Optionally validate first:
```bash
az bicep build --file infra/main.bicep --stdout | Out-Null   # Bicep syntax check
azd provision --preview                                       # What-if preview
```

### Utility Prompts

| Prompt | Purpose |
|--------|---------|
| `/newReadme` | Generate a project README from your codebase |
| `/ipMetadata` | Add IP tracking metadata to `azure.yaml` |
| `/ipCompliance` | Validate IP compliance across the project |

### What Happens Automatically

As you code, Copilot applies the right context without you doing anything:
- **Edit a `.py` file** → Python coding standards load automatically
- **Edit a `.bicep` file** → Bicep rules + module patterns load automatically
- **Edit a `Dockerfile`** → Container best practices load automatically
- **Mention an SDK** (e.g., "Azure Identity", "FastAPI") → the matching skill loads on demand
- **Every chat** → repo-wide security policy and conventions are always present

### Custom Agents

Select **`GBB`** from the agents dropdown in Copilot Chat — it's the **only agent you need**. Sub-agents are internal specialists; `GBB` routes to them automatically via handoff buttons. If you see them in the dropdown, ignore them — their descriptions say "Select GBB instead".

| Agent | Role | How It's Used |
|-------|------|---------------|
| **GBB** | Primary orchestrator — routes to specialists, guides the full workflow | **Select this one** |
| app-developer | Scaffolds apps (Python, TypeScript, .NET, AI agents), enforces coding standards | Auto-routed via handoff |
| infra-architect | Bicep infrastructure, azd config, compliance validation | Auto-routed via handoff |
| azure-docs-research | Gathers authoritative Azure SDK/service documentation | Auto-routed via handoff |

After each response, `GBB` offers handoff buttons to the relevant specialist. The guided workflow:

```
GBB → azure-docs-research → app-developer → infra-architect → azd up
```

---

## Repository Structure

```
template/
├── .github/
│   ├── copilot-instructions.md       # Repo-wide conventions (always loaded)
│   ├── azure-bestpractices.md        # Zero-trust security policy
│   ├── bicep-deployment-bestpractices.md  # Bicep authoring guide
│   ├── skills/                       # 13 Copilot skills (SDK/framework reference)
│   ├── instructions/                 # 5 path-specific coding standards
│   ├── prompts/                      # 15 reusable task workflows
│   ├── agents/                       # 4 custom agents (orchestrator + specialists)
│   └── templates/                    # Research workflow templates
├── infra/
│   ├── main.bicep                    # Entry point — modules only, no inline resources
│   ├── main.parameters.json          # Parameters with IMAGE_NAME/RESOURCE_EXISTS patterns
│   ├── abbreviations.json            # Resource naming conventions
│   ├── core/                         # Reusable Bicep modules
│   │   ├── ai/                       #   Azure OpenAI, AI Search
│   │   ├── database/                 #   Cosmos DB
│   │   ├── host/                     #   Container Apps, Container Apps Environment
│   │   ├── monitor/                  #   Application Insights, Log Analytics
│   │   ├── security/                 #   Key Vault, Managed Identity
│   │   ├── storage/                  #   Container Registry, Storage Account
│   │   └── deployment/               #   ACR image import
│   ├── data/                         # Data seed files
│   └── scripts/                      # Python lifecycle hooks (pre/post provision/deploy)
├── src/                              # Application source code (your services go here)
├── azure.yaml                        # azd project definition
└── AGENTS.md                         # Agent roles and Copilot hierarchy
```

---

## GitHub Copilot Customization

Copilot loads context in this priority order:

| Priority | File(s) | Loaded When |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| 1 | `.github/copilot-instructions.md` | Always (every chat) |
| 2 | `.github/instructions/*.instructions.md` | Editing files matching `applyTo` pattern |
| 3 | `.github/skills/*/SKILL.md` | On demand (keyword triggers) |
| 4 | `.github/prompts/*.prompt.md` | User-invoked (`/promptName`) |
| 5 | `.github/agents/*.agent.md` | `GBB` selected by user; sub-agents via handoff |
| 6 | `AGENTS.md` | Agent-level instructions |

### Path-Specific Instructions (auto-loaded)

| File | Applies To |
|------|-----------|
| `python.instructions.md` | `**/*.py` |
| `typescript.instructions.md` | `**/*.ts, *.tsx, *.js, *.jsx` |
| `bicep.instructions.md` | `infra/**/*.bicep` |
| `dockerfile.instructions.md` | `**/Dockerfile` |
| `dotnet.instructions.md` | `**/*.cs, *.csproj` |

### Skills (on-demand SDK reference)

| Skill | Domain |
|-------|--------|
| `azd-deployment` | Azure Developer CLI + Container Apps deployment |
| `bicep-azd-patterns` | Bicep templates, parameters, outputs for azd |
| `containerization` | Docker multi-stage builds for Azure Container Apps |
| `azure-identity-py` | Azure Identity SDK (DefaultAzureCredential, managed identity) |
| `azure-storage-blob-py` | Azure Blob Storage SDK |
| `fastapi-router-py` | FastAPI router patterns with CRUD + auth |
| `azure-ai-projects-ts` | Azure AI Projects SDK for TypeScript |
| `agent-framework-azure-ai-py` | Microsoft Agent Framework (Azure AI hosted agents) |
| `agents-v2-py` / `hosted-agents-v2-py` | Container-based Foundry Agents |
| `m365-agents-py` | Microsoft 365 Agents SDK |
| `copilot-sdk` | GitHub Copilot SDK (Node, Python, Go, .NET) |
| `mcp-builder` | MCP server development (Python, TypeScript, C#) |

---

## Features & Best Practices

### Security
- **Zero API keys policy** — all Azure auth uses `ChainedTokenCredential(AzureDeveloperCliCredential(), ManagedIdentityCredential())`
- `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` always set in Container Apps environment
- Key Vault for secrets; Managed Identities for service-to-service auth
- Least-privilege RBAC assignments (no blanket `Contributor`/`Owner`)
- Full policy documented in `.github/azure-bestpractices.md`

### Infrastructure (Bicep + azd)
- Modular Bicep — `infra/core/` modules, never inline resources in `main.bicep`
- `abbreviations.json` for consistent resource naming
- Required tags: `azd-env-name` on resource group, `azd-service-name` on service resources
- Container image preservation via `IMAGE_NAME`/`RESOURCE_EXISTS` parameters
- Output convention: `SERVICE_<NAME>_ENDPOINT`, `SERVICE_<NAME>_NAME`
- Lifecycle hooks in Python (uv) for pre/post provision and deploy
- Full patterns in `.github/bicep-deployment-bestpractices.md`

### Containerization
- Azure Linux base images (`mcr.microsoft.com/azurelinux/base/*`)
- Multi-stage builds, non-root user, port 80, health checks
- Remote build via ACR (`docker.remoteBuild: true` in `azure.yaml`)
- Language-specific Dockerfile templates (Python, Node.js, .NET)

### Application Development
- **Python**: uv package manager, type hints, `logging` (never `print()`), Ruff/Black, pytest
- **TypeScript**: npm, strict types, ESLint/Prettier, Jest/Vitest
- **.NET**: .NET 9, xUnit, IOptions pattern, ILogger
- All languages: structured error handling, OpenTelemetry tracing, health endpoints

### AI / Agent Frameworks
- Microsoft Agent Framework with Azure AI Foundry hosted agents
- Container-based Foundry Agents (v2) with custom images
- Microsoft 365 Agents SDK for Teams/Copilot Studio
- Azure AI Projects SDK (TypeScript) for connections, deployments, evaluations
- GitHub Copilot SDK for programmatic integrations
- MCP server patterns for tool integration

### Git & Workflow
- Feature branches: `feature/add-{app-name}`
- Dependency pinning: `>=` and `<` operators to prevent major version breaks
- Research-first approach: gather docs before coding
- `/checkAzdCompliance` before every `azd up`
